---
title: "Competing, Advertisement"
id: "85"
prev: "084"
next: "086"
---
# Chapter 85: Competing, Advertisement

Inside the cafeteria.

Zhang Yu looked at Qian Shen and Zhao Tianxing with confusion, wondering why the two of them looked like they had failed an exam.

"What's wrong with you two?"

Upon hearing Zhang Yu's curious inquiry, neither Qian Shen nor Zhao Tianxing could answer, because they had both signed confidentiality agreements and could not reveal any information about the special training program.

Zhao Tianxing shook his head with a bitter smile and said, "It's nothing, just... the pressure from the competition team is a bit high."

At the same time, a trace of pity flickered in his eyes as he looked at Zhang Yu.

Zhao Tianxing thought to himself, _He Dayou and the others already started their transplant surgeries yesterday. Their physical strength is going to skyrocket, isn't it?_

_Yu-boy and Zhen are talented, but they can't possibly beat the school's Immortal Dao technology._

_So on the path of the Immortal Dao... money really is the most important thing, isn't it?_

...

During physical education class that day.

He Dayou, physical strength level 1.56.

Li Xianglu, physical strength level 1.55.

Wang Wenjie, physical strength level 1.53.

Overnight, after undergoing transplant surgery, the three of them had each made considerable improvements.

Watching the three of them effortlessly handle various equipment, and looking at their physical strength test data, the surrounding students couldn't help but show envy in their eyes.

"The sports competition is truly our Songyang's ace program. He Dayou and the others are improving so fast."

"They've only been there for a day and they're already this strong? Teacher Wang Hai really knows his stuff."

But He Dayou wasn't interested in what these students were saying or seeing. He turned his head to look for Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen, only to find that they didn't seem to have come to PE class at all. Even the small room nearby was empty of Zhang Yu's presence.

"Hmph, no matter. There will be plenty of opportunities in the future." He Dayou could already see himself in the coming month, his physical strength skyrocketing daily, eventually trampling both Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen under his feet.

"From now on, I will improve faster and faster, until my physical strength approaches the level of a second-year."

"My score will ultimately surpass yours."

...

Where had Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen gone?

Both of them had applied to Wang Hai to be excused from PE class.

Zhang Yu's thought was: _My Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi is improving at a flying pace. It's better to hide and practice on my own, to avoid any traces being seen._

Bai Zhenzhen, on the other hand, thought to herself: _My spiritual root has too many functions. Since I already have the cover of renting out my spiritual root and don't need to worry about attracting attention, I might as well practice alone to avoid any abnormalities being noticed in a crowd._

And so, on the school's rooftop.

Zhang Yu looked at Bai Zhenzhen before him and smiled.

"Zhen, what a coincidence. You're skipping PE class too?"

Bai Zhenzhen looked at Zhang Yu before her and also smiled.

"Yu-boy, what a coincidence. You came to the rooftop to practice too?"

Zhang Yu thought to himself, _Zhen must have her cheat active. That's why she doesn't want to be seen and has come to the rooftop to practice alone._

Bai Zhenzhen thought to herself, _Yu-boy must have his cheat active. He wants to train in secret, hide his strength, and then pull off a big reveal in a month. That's why he's on the rooftop._

Zhang Yu smiled. "Then let's practice together on the rooftop."

Bai Zhenzhen also smiled. "Yes, let's practice together."

Zhang Yu thought to himself, _I can still trust Zhen. This time, I'll let her witness my talent and make her completely submit._

Bai Zhenzhen thought to herself, _There are no secrets between a mother and son, especially not cheats. After holding back for over a decade, I can finally show someone my astonishing potential. Hahahaha, I can already see the look of envy, jealousy, and hatred on Yu-boy's face._

And so, the two of them exchanged a smile, each walked to a spot, stood firm, and began to cultivate separately.

Thus, on the rooftop, Zhang Yu began to train diligently in the Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi.

He stood his ground, and as his body vibrated time and again, it gradually emitted a rumbling sound, like waves repeatedly crashing against a reef.

Bai Zhenzhen turned her head and looked at Zhang Yu, whose face and hands were gradually turning red from the surging vital energy, and felt a jolt of shock.

Then, she thought with a face full of jealousy, _Could that be that... Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi? Yu-boy has already mastered it? He's started using this technique for body tempering?_

Suddenly, the spiritual root in her stomach didn't seem so impressive anymore.

She felt her current mood was like being woken up in the middle of the night by a classmate's breathing exercise.

Or seeing a classmate in the morning with the packaging of a potion they had secretly consumed.

Or seeing a few more needle marks on a classmate's arm than usual during PE class.

Bai Zhenzhen quickly released the restraints on her spiritual root, preparing to begin her body tempering.

"A child showing off is nothing compared to a couple showing off together!"

"I'll keep surpassing him! My physical strength next month must continue to be above Yu-boy's!"

With that, she released the restraints on the spiritual root in her body and began body tempering.

After practicing for a dozen or so repetitions, Zhang Yu felt his body grow weak. He intended to sit down and rest for a while, taking out the energy drink he had prepared for a few sips.

"As expected of the energy drink I got from White Dragon High. Free stuff just tastes better."

Just then, sensing an anomaly in the ambient spiritual energy, he turned his head in Bai Zhenzhen's direction.

He saw that Bai Zhenzhen was also cultivating a body tempering technique. Zhang Yu couldn't tell what technique it was, but he could faintly feel wisps of spiritual energy flowing into Bai Zhenzhen's body, seemingly nourishing her flesh and blood.

"That must be the effect of her spiritual root, right? Something like the Muscle-Growth Spiritual Root that can strengthen the body?"

Zhang Yu thought with a face full of jealousy, _Having a spiritual root is so great. I'll definitely have to borrow it from Zhen to play with in the future._

Then Zhang Yu noticed another anomaly.

With his experience of having multiple martial arts at level 10, he could spot subtle differences in others' techniques.

And now, looking at Bai Zhenzhen, Zhang Yu could feel that her body tempering technique was clearly being adjusted with each repetition, making it feel more comfortable and smoother, as if Bai Zhenzhen was naturally... constantly adapting to this set of body tempering techniques.

"Could it be that when Zhen practices martial arts, she makes adjustments and improvements with every repetition?"

It sounded ordinary, but upon deeper thought, Zhang Yu felt how formidable it was.

Zhang Yu was shocked. _Isn't this the same as my Feather Book, where techniques can also advance quickly?_

_She wasn't this formidable when she practiced before._

_She's definitely been secretly using her cheat!_

The thought of her secretly using her cheat and working hard where he couldn't see motivated Zhang Yu. After a short rest, he got up and continued to push himself to cultivate the Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi.

And so, for the rest of the time, Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen diligently tempered their bodies, primarily for the sake of keeping each other company.

When the bell for the end of class rang, Zhang Yu had already raised his Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi to level 7 (15/70). He felt that as his muscles moved, his internal organs were also engaged, being tempered with each repetition of his cultivation and emitting strange sounds of their movement.

On the other side, Bai Zhenzhen was steaming from head to toe, sweat constantly dripping down her flushed cheeks. She felt the muscles all over her body growing and strengthening under the catalysis of her spiritual root.

As the bell rang, the two looked at each other and smiled.

Zhang Yu smiled. "Amazing, Zhen."

Bai Zhenzhen also smiled faintly. "You're not bad either, Yu-boy."

Zhang Yu thought to himself, _I'm not showering when I get home tonight, just going straight to training! I have to get Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi to level 10._

Bai Zhenzhen secretly vowed, _I'm not even going to take a shit when I get home! I'm gonna work this body! All the way till dawn!_

And so, for the next few days, Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen seized every moment, moving between one deserted corner of the campus and another, leaving behind pools of diligent sweat as they madly pushed their bodies to their limits.

During PE class, He Dayou felt excited about his daily increase in physical strength, yet was repeatedly disappointed at not seeing Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen.

But he endured it all.

He constantly reminded himself, _Isn't this the result I anticipated long ago?_

_Talented poor people are only impressive at the beginning; in the end, they will lose to the rich._

_After completing the transplant, as the newly integrated muscles continue to fuse with my body, my physical strength is now growing rapidly every day._

_The later Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen come to witness my strength, the more despairing the gap they will feel._

With a hint of anticipation, He Dayou continued to train seriously in PE class.

And in the same PE class, not far away, Zhao Tianxing secretly glanced at He Dayou, his gaze always carrying a hint of envy and hesitation.

"Qian Shen has already quit, saying he won't participate in the competition team. Lan Ling has chosen another student to join."

"But... should I quit too?"

"I don't like this way of improving my score, but He Dayou and the others' physical strength is increasing really fast. At this rate... I'll never be able to catch up to them."

But the thought of his parents planning to sell their house for him to get into the competition team and improve his score made Zhao Tianxing hesitate again.

...

In a small grove before school let out for the day.

Zhang Yu sat cross-legged, but his whole body was constantly emitting white steam in the cold wind. He was cultivating the Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi, which he had already pushed to level 10.

At this moment, his muscles, internal organs, and bone marrow were all engaged in unison, being tempered with each exertion of force.

In addition to this, there was the effect of reaching level 10 in the Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi.

Zhang Yu's physical structure had become more rational and complete. Every muscle in his body fit together perfectly, like intricately constructed parts assembled flawlessly.

This post-level-10 adjustment to his body structure also caused his physical strength to skyrocket on the spot. Coupled with the past few days of arduous training, his physical strength had increased to level 1.67.

Besides that, his digestive ability and metabolic rate had also increased.

Zhang Yu felt that he was hungry all the time now, a feeling of hunger that came from every piece of flesh in his body.

"My daily food expenses have already risen to over 600. This body tempering is really expensive."

But even so, Zhang Yu could feel that his body was still not satisfied.

"I probably need to start taking boosters, right?"

The Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi could be cultivated in conjunction with boosters, but the recommended booster was called the Primordial Pill. Zhang Yu looked it up online; it cost 30,000 per pill.

"Damn it... this Purple Cloud Pharmaceutical Company is robbing people!"

With the sharp increase in food expenses and the need for boosters, Zhang Yu felt an ever-growing shortage of money.

Although he had given Song Hailong another lesson yesterday and received another 5,000 yuan, Zhang Yu still felt that the balance of less than 16,000 in his account was not enough.

Fortunately, another money-making opportunity had arrived today.

As the dismissal bell rang, Bai Zhenzhen finished her exercise and looked at Zhang Yu, saying, "Let's go, Yu-boy. Time to shoot the commercial."