---
title: "The Spokesperson"
id: "118"
prev: "117"
next: "119"
---
# Chapter 118: The Spokesperson

Not long after Zhang Yu finished his call with Zhang Pianpian, several electronic contracts were sent over.

They stipulated the requirements for their upcoming promotion of the demonic muscle, as well as the requirements for filming advertisements and being a spokesperson.

The specific reward was…

"An endorsement fee of 600,000 a year, to be paid in three installments…"

Zhang Yu felt his heart surge as he looked at this remuneration; it was the first time he had been this wealthy since coming to Kunxu.

But when he thought about how the money he should have received ought to have been more, and it was all because of that damn Le Jingchen and Purple Cloud branding him a peerless genius, causing his commercial value to plummet, Zhang Yu's heart began to burn with anger again.

Beside him, Bai Zhenzhen, seeing her own total endorsement fee of 400,000, was also flushed red with excitement.

"Haha, although my rank isn't as high as Zhang Yu's this time, I don't have the 'peerless genius' label, unlike Yu-boy who attracted a bunch of dirty traffic focused on geniuses."

Of course, the contracts also contained many restrictions for them.

For example, they could not deny that they had used demonic muscle, nor could they prevent others from using it.

As for the explanation for the lack of surface features, on one hand, it was because their control was strong, and on the other, the Immortal Resonance Group's technology was good, allowing them to adapt extremely quickly, which was why no one had seen any surface features.

Also, both he and Bai Zhenzhen had to state that the primary reason they were able to achieve excellent results in the athletics meet was because of the demonic muscle technology.

There were also other clauses, such as not criticizing the demonic muscle, not using the new body tempering technologies from Purple Cloud or Red Pagoda… and so on and so forth.

Of course, after Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen saw the payment, they felt these were all minor issues.

Not long after Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen signed the contracts, many staff members and a body tempering influencer came to the Songyang High School rest area, saying they wanted to interview Zhang Yu.

Zhang Yu had been given a heads-up by Zhang Pianpian and was already prepared for this, so he quickly appeared in front of the camera with Bai Zhenzhen…

"That's right, the achievements we have today are all because we underwent the Immortal Resonance Group's demonic muscle technology modification together…"

"I used to be a failure who couldn't even break into the top ten of my grade, but ever since I got demonic muscle, my appetite has been great, injections don't hurt, I'm more focused in class, and I gain muscle faster…"

"If you're afraid of low scores, you have to get demonic muscle. I believe that in the future, students without demonic muscle will lack competitiveness and will be gradually eliminated in the great tide of high school…"

As Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen's interview continued, a large crowd of students and teachers from regular and key high schools quickly gathered around.

Zhang Yu then noticed that many of them, and even some audience members, all went to the nearby Immortal Resonance Group's booth to inquire.

Especially not long after the interview ended, when Zhang Yu saw students from regular and key high schools running towards the booth with looks of aspiration and longing on their faces, he felt a bit emotional, as if he were watching leeks willingly offering themselves up to be harvested.

At the same time, the evil god in his chest, disguised as a prayer bead, said, "What are you sighing for? Don't tell me you pity those poor wretches?"

"If they don't spend their money here, they'll spend it elsewhere. What does it matter who squeezes them dry? Better to let us earn a little something in the process."

Zhang Yu moved to a nearby corner and said in a voice only he could hear, "I don't find them pitiful. After all, the demonic muscle technology is genuinely useful."

"Hehe, is it really useful?" the evil god suddenly chuckled lightly. "The Qi Refinement stage has its limits. The Dao heart has a maximum of level 10, magic power has a maximum of 100, and the upper limit for physical strength is level 10."

"Do you think these students competing with you, even without demonic muscle, if you gave them a little more time to practice slowly, could they reach this limit?"

Zhang Yu was slightly taken aback, but he already had the answer in his heart.

The students present were, without exception, top students since childhood. If time were sufficient, pushing their cultivation to the Qi Refinement limit should not be a problem.

The evil god said faintly, "A long time ago, as long as you scored above 650 on the college entrance exam and had one or two competition rankings during your three years of high school, you could secure a spot in the Ten Greats."

"Then gradually, the college entrance exam score requirements got higher and higher, and students had to improve their stats as much as possible in just three short years, compressing the cultivation that originally took five, or even ten years, into a three-year period."

"Later still, the requirements for competition awards got higher and higher."

"The competition started in the third year, then slowly moved to the second year, and then later, you had to start competing and fighting from the first year."

"Now, they even have to use this demonic muscle, wanting to have a second-year's level in their first year."

"This so-called demonic muscle… is nothing more than a way to prematurely squeeze out the power they would have obtained with another year or two, or even three, of cultivation."

"But just like when body tempering with drugs was first promoted, when the majority of people start taking drugs, start using demonic muscle, the Immortal Dao failures will still be Immortal Dao failures."

"Those who couldn't get into the Ten Greats before still won't get into the Ten Greats, those who couldn't get a Foundation Establishment qualification certificate still won't get one, and the ultimate limit of their lives will still be the limit of Qi Refinement."

"What's the difference compared to before, when they didn't take drugs or use any new body tempering technology?"

"Oh, no, that's not right, there is a difference. These Immortal Dao failures have taken on yet another debt for this demonic muscle."

"Do you understand now? The sole purpose of these body tempering technologies is to help them compete with other students in high school."

"But no matter how hard they work, no matter how desperately they fight, the number of spots in the Ten Greats will not increase, the number of people who obtain a Foundation Establishment qualification certificate will not increase, and the limit of Qi Refinement will not change."

The evil god laughed again. "From beginning to end, this is just the Ten Great Sects and the companies playing them for fools."

"But they play them well, making them willingly hand over their money. They're much more skilled at it than we evil gods."

Just as the evil god was chuckling, Zhao Tianxing cautiously walked over and began to ask Zhang Yu about the demonic muscle.

The last time Songyang High had its special training program, Zhao Tianxing chose to give up, partly because he felt the program was too cruel, but more so because he was afraid of wasting his family's money and ending up with nothing.

But this time, seeing Zhang Yu's results had sparked a huge interest in the demonic muscle for Zhao Tianxing.

Especially since he had watched Zhang Yu's rapid progress day by day.

Originally, Zhao Tianxing was too embarrassed to ask Zhang Yu the reason for his rapid progress, but now, seeing Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen actively promoting and accepting interviews, he also wanted to inquire.

He looked at Zhang Yu and asked, "A'Yu, is the demonic muscle really that powerful? Can it close the gap between us and the three major high schools?"

Zhang Yu nodded and said, "Yes, it's very powerful. Without demonic muscle, I couldn't have taken first place."

Zhao Tianxing then asked expectantly, "Do you think it's necessary for me to use demonic muscle?"

Thinking of the restrictions in the contract, Zhang Yu could only nod again. "Yes, it's pretty good."

Zhao Tianxing smiled. "You also think I should undergo the modification?"

Seeing Zhao Tianxing's excited face, as if he had already made up his mind, Zhang Yu said jokingly, "Actually, the reason I'm so strong is also due to the effects of natural body tempering; that's how I can control the increased physical strength with such ease."

Zhao Tianxing just thought Zhang Yu was joking and laughed along with him.

The evil god disguised as a prayer bead sneered. "You still want to hint to him not to spend this money? Save it. Everyone is starting to use the new technology. If he doesn't spend the money, how can he keep up? He'll just be out of the game early."

"Besides, these Immortal Dao failures won't listen to you. If you continue to persuade them, hehe… they will only think you are trying to deceive them, afraid of them making progress."

"Don't end up violating the contract and losing a friend at the same time."

"This is Kunxu. The trend is like a tide; how can you alone change it?"

On the other side, He Dayou had been straining his ears, listening to the conversation between Zhao Tianxing and Zhang Yu. Hearing this, he couldn't help but think, _Natural body tempering? I doubt there's a single part of your body that's natural._

Then his gaze shifted as another thought occurred to him. _Is he saying this because he's afraid that if we all undergo the demonic muscle modification, we'll catch up to him in the future?_

Thinking of this, a trace of worry rose in He Dayou's heart. _I wonder if there will be any problems if I get demonic muscle, since I've already had the transplant surgery?_

Zhang Yu looked at the surrounding classmates and could feel their restless eagerness.

A trace of helplessness flashed through Zhang Yu's mind, as if he could already see the near future where, one by one, his surrounding classmates would all become neither human nor beast.

In the future, Songyang High could be renamed Songyang Demonic Beast Park.

_No, if this keeps up, in a few years, the entire Songyang City might become a crazy Zootopia._

The evil god disguised as a prayer bead said, "Kid, you have the leisure to care about others right now?"

Zhang Yu walked to the side and said softly, "It's been a long time since you've said so much."

"Just resting and saving some energy, you know." The evil god chuckled. "Besides, there are a lot of people paying attention here. If I say less, isn't it also to avoid revealing any clues that might implicate us both?"

"Kid, everyone in this arena, from top to bottom, is a crowd of blind fools. They've only seen the tip of the iceberg of your talent. Otherwise, they would have definitely torn you limb from limb to study you thoroughly…"

"But even so, there are quite a few people who are hostile to you now, and that sister of yours is leaving for a university on the second layer of Kunxu in two months, right? In two months, many people will probably come after you…"

Zhang Yu said coldly, "What are you trying to say?"

The evil god tempted, "Don't you want your potential to be further unleashed? Don't you want to become stronger and richer, so that after your sister leaves, you can be safe and protect yourself, look after Bai Zhenzhen, and even ascend to the second layer of Kunxu together in the future…"

Apparently, during this period, although this evil god had not spoken much, through its silent observation, it had come to understand Zhang Yu's situation more and more.

Zhang Yu did not answer, but only thought to himself, _Of course I want to further unleash my potential._

Looking at the Feather Book appearing before him, Zhang Yu wished it would just go _ding, ding, ding, ding, ding_ and raise his level by a hundred thousand, enough to smash Kunxu with a single punch.

"But what's the price?" Zhang Yu said flatly. "Trying to trick me into dealing with your colleagues again?"

The evil god smiled. "How can you call this tricking? I'm just giving you a reminder. You always have a way out, anytime, anywhere. As long as you hunt another evil god for me, your potential can skyrocket again! Explode! Go crazy!"

Although it did not receive a reply from Zhang Yu, the evil god understood in its heart that this suggestion had surely taken root in Zhang Yu's mind. All that was left was to wait for him to walk down this path.