---
title: "Level 10 Great Sun, The Agony of Poverty"
id: "130"
prev: "129"
next: "131"
---
# Chapter 130: Level 10 Great Sun, The Agony of Poverty

Hearing Yu Xinghan’s question, Zhang Yu’s expression darkened.

“I couldn’t be bothered,” he said flatly.

Yu Xinghan tried to persuade him, “Why not? You can get discount coupons for talismans just by watching ads. You could use them yourself.”

Zhang Yu was surprised. “Talisman discount coupons?”

Yu Xinghan nodded. “You of all people should know how much talismans cost. Watching a few ads every day to collect coupons is a form of talisman cultivation in itself. It will make your talisman skills stronger.”

Zhang Yu sat down next to him and finally couldn't resist asking, “You’re True Person Starfire’s disciple, aren’t you? Are you really that short on money?”

Yu Xinghan shook his head and spoke with the air of an experienced elder.

“The one thing Kunxu has no shortage of is rich people. The one thing it lacks the most is money.”

“Money is cultivation. It is potential. It is the future. No one in this world has enough money.”

“Even an expert like me has to learn how to save.”

“Every coin saved is an enhancement to my foundation and potential.”

“If you want to walk far on the Immortal Dao, you must not only learn how to earn money and how to spend it, but also how to save it.”

Yu Xinghan turned to look at Zhang Yu. “Otherwise, what will you do when you suddenly discover a crucial cultivation technique, or a spiritual root, or a bionic, and after scraping everything you have together, you’re still just a little short?”

“Money is potential. And when you find your potential exhausted, unable to take the next step.”

“You will regret not having saved more back then.”

“Every coin you save now will allow you to take a few more steps in the future.”

Zhang Yu nodded slightly, feeling that there was a great deal of truth in what he said. He took out his phone and clicked the link his friend had sent.

After resting for a few minutes, the two resumed their fierce battle.

Two hours passed in the blink of an eye.

But everyone felt they had gained a great deal.

Song Hailong felt that his martial arts experience had improved.

Yu Xinghan had learned numerous force-channeling techniques from watching Zhang Yu, enhancing his control over his physical body.

Bai Zhenzhen, in addition to gaining combat experience, would receive a payment of 20,000.

And Zhang Yu, besides his own 22,000 fee, now had the opportunity to learn the Dragon-Elephant Mountain-Shattering Palm and take on a 200,000 debt.

However, a moment later, when Yu Xinghan transferred the money, Zhang Yu was slightly taken aback to see 30,000 arrive in his account.

Yu Xinghan smiled. “My apologies, I accidentally sent too much.”

“Could you please transfer the extra to my other account?”

Although he found it a bit odd, Zhang Yu still transferred the 8,000 to the other account.

---

Time flowed by as Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen fell into a daily routine of school, cultivation, tutoring, and sparring.

The days turned to late April.

On the rooftop one afternoon.

A pitch-black shadow materialized.

Even though it was exposed to the blinding sun, no amount of light could disperse the deep, heavy darkness.

It was Zhang Yu, cultivating the Great Sun Qi Sea.

Following a rumble from the Great Sun magic power within his body, this breathing exercise, which could only be cultivated in the middle stage of Qi Refinement, was finally pushed by Zhang Yu to the 10th level.

With the Great Sun Qi Sea operating at level 10, the shadow that was Zhang Yu grew even deeper, as if it were about to swallow all the light in its surroundings.

As the blazing light poured into his body, the Great Sun Qi Sea within him churned ever more violently. Torrents of Great Sun magic power, like molten lava, roared as they absorbed all the light, gradually refining it into a single thread of magic power in his dantian.

Zhang Yu knew that with his Great Sun Qi Sea at level 10, he had once again entered a period of rapid magic power growth.

Furthermore, Zhang Yu could feel his body becoming more vibrant and agile under the sun’s rays.

It was as if every cell, every fiber of his flesh and blood was cheering, accelerating its own growth.

Zhang Yu knew that this was the effect of the level 10 Great Sun Qi Sea. As he was exposed to light, it accelerated his body’s metabolism, increasing the efficiency of his body tempering.

The drawback was that the longer he maintained this state of accelerated metabolism, the more it would shorten his lifespan.

_Damn it… This Great Sun Qi Sea is already the most time-consuming, and it even shortens the cultivator’s lifespan on top of that._

Zhang Yu shook his head. Although he cursed internally, he had no intention of stopping.

In the treacherous world of Kunxu, the flaws of the Great Sun Qi Sea were hardly anything to fuss about.

Besides, he could always switch to other breathing exercises later. Practicing this one for a year or so would only shorten his life by a few weeks.

To increase his body tempering efficiency at such a cost was well within his acceptable limits.

_The Great Sun Qi Sea combined with the Crippled Ox Body-Sacrifice Heart Art means that not only can my magic power and Dao heart improve steadily, but both techniques also enhance body tempering efficiency._

_That Fu Ji, she really knows how to pick cultivation techniques._

As he elevated his Great Sun Qi Sea to level 10, Zhang Yu’s magic power had also grown with increasing speed, now standing at 46.8.

However, he was still a long way from his target of 70 magic power, the standard for a student just entering their third year.

Just then, a series of whistling sounds came from beside him.

Zhang Yu turned his head to see Bai Zhenzhen surrounded by howling sword qi, like countless invisible blades slashing through the air.

Just a few days prior, Bai Zhenzhen had also raised her Body-Piercing Sword Qi to the 10th level. Now, in addition to her fingertips, she could launch attacks with sword qi from any part of her body, as if she were wearing a suit of invisible sword armor, perfect for both offense and defense.

And under Fu Ji’s guidance, Zhang Yu had Bai Zhenzhen use her prize money to purchase a sword art called the Formless Sword Art.

It was an assassination technique designed to hide sword qi, killing intent, and even sound, which was perfect for Bai Zhenzhen to practice in conjunction with her Body-Piercing Sword Qi.

_This sword art is very suitable for Zhen and her martial arts path._

Zhang Yu could sense that, although she hadn’t mentioned it, Bai Zhenzhen’s cultivation had become even more diligent these past few days. She cycled through magic power, Dao heart, physical strength, and various martial arts, improving almost every moment.

Although after her conversation with Zhang Pianpian, Bai Zhenzhen seemed to be her old self—joking with Zhang Yu, earning money, and cultivating together—everything appeared the same.

But inwardly… she was anxious.

_Reach the third-year standard in four months: level 6 Dao heart, over 70 units of magic power, and a physical strength of over 7.5… Only then will I have a chance to pass the Foundation Establishment exam._

The pressure of the exam was a constant weight on her, like an invisible monster chasing at her heels.

She secretly made a resolution: _I must become stronger!_

_Strong enough to pass the Foundation Establishment exam._

_Strong enough that… I will never again have to watch A'Yu feel helpless because of me, while I am unable to say a single word!_

Immense pressure and extreme desire transformed into a powerful driving force in Bai Zhenzhen’s heart, pushing her to pursue greater power, better results… and to pass the Foundation Establishment exam and enter one of the Ten Greats alongside Zhang Yu.

In her short life, Bai Zhenzhen had never so desperately wanted to pass an exam.

And the spiritual root within her body seemed to grow more active in response to her intense desire, constantly accelerating her cultivation.

Meanwhile, after finally pushing his Great Sun Qi Sea to level 10, Zhang Yu purchased the electronic manual for the Crippled Ox Body-Sacrifice Heart Art, and his savings decreased by another 30,000.

Fortunately, he had earned a good amount from his tutoring and sparring fees lately, and unlike before… he no longer needed to buy Crimson Marrow Primordial Pills to cultivate the Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi. His savings now stood at just over 260,000.

As Zhang Yu stared at the bank balance displayed on his screen, Fu Ji said, “260,000 may seem like a lot, but once you also cultivate the Crippled Ox Body-Sacrifice Heart Art to level 10, you will need to focus all your efforts on the Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi to increase your physical strength.”

“Cultivating the Crimson Marrow Primordial Qi requires Crimson Marrow Primordial Pills, which cost 30,000 each. You’ll need one every three days on average, which comes out to 300,000 a month.”

“Besides that, if you want to pass the Foundation Establishment exam, how can the passive cultivation from two level-10 techniques be enough for your Dao heart and magic power?”

“You’ll also need to spend money to rent spirit veins to increase your magic power and use the Spirit Realm to train your Dao heart. Just those two expenses could easily cost one or two hundred thousand a month.”

So-called spirit veins were places with a high concentration of spiritual energy.

In ancient times, they were known as grotto-heavens and blessed lands.

Now, they were called spiritual energy ecosystem protected areas. Not only were the entrance fees exorbitant, but the cost of lodging inside was also astronomical. However, the boost they provided to magic power cultivation far surpassed that of a normal urban environment.

Fu Ji continued, “And you are taking the athletics track for the Foundation Establishment exam, so your physical strength needs to be top-tier. In addition to Crimson Marrow Primordial Pills, you will definitely need other body-tempering alchemical enhancers…”

Listening to Fu Ji list one expense after another, a bitter smile formed on Zhang Yu’s face. He knew she was right; there were many more things he would need to spend money on.

And it wasn't just him. If Bai Zhenzhen wanted to keep up, she would have to spend just as much money as he did.

Seeing the silent Zhang Yu, Fu Ji thought to herself, _Eventually, you’ll be the one to bring up hunting evil gods._

Zhang Yu knew that in Kunxu, no matter what method one used for self-improvement, it was all inextricably linked to money.

_Once I’ve mastered the Crippled Ox Body-Sacrifice Heart Art, my Dao heart, magic power, and physical strength will all require even more money to advance._

Suddenly, Zhang Yu remembered his old social media post about renting a place.

He thought to himself, _I know so many rich people now. Perhaps through their connections, I can save some money on renting spirit veins, accessing the Spirit Realm, buying Crimson Marrow Primordial Pills, and so on…_

Just then, Bai Zhenzhen spoke up from the side, “Yu-boy, aren’t you going to Purple Cloud today? Don’t forget to bring my things as well.”

Today, Zhang Yu was heading to Purple Cloud not only to be Le Mulan’s sparring partner but also to rent the house she had mentioned.

Watching Zhang Yu’s departing figure, Bai Zhenzhen reminded him, “Remember to collect Le Mulan’s alchemical enhancers.”

Zhang Yu rolled his eyes, determined not to do something so demeaning. He refused to collect a rich girl’s sweat.

Seeing that he hadn’t responded, Bai Zhenzhen repeated, “Did you hear me? Even though we’ve earned a bit of money, we have many more expenses coming up. Our financial situation is very tight, so we have to save every coin we can.”

As she spoke, she handed him a large water bottle. “Here, take this. You can use this bottle to collect the enhancers.”

Zhang Yu reluctantly took the large water bottle, a flash of humiliation washing over him.

_Damn it… Being poor… really is agony._