---
title: "Zhang Yu in the Mediation Room"
id: "209"
prev: "208"
next: "210"
---
# Chapter 209: Zhang Yu in the Mediation Room

"Someone will take you to be investigated later. You just need to take the blame for everything according to the plan."

"In short, this matter was purely a conflict between students. You sent people to follow them only to find out about their tutoring information."

"Then you must try your best to obtain Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen's forgiveness. It doesn't matter if you have to pay a bit more money. The matter must be characterized as a common public security incident."

"Your father wants you to rest assured. Your uncle is, after all, a third-level faith Purple-Gold Merit Master, and the Zhou family is a prominent clan in Songyang City. We can weather this storm. It's just a matter of paying a bit more money..."

Listening to the other person's account, a helpless, bitter smile appeared on Zhou Chechen's face.

He especially recalled the message he had sent earlier, telling Zhang Yu to apologize properly to others.

He never expected that in the blink of an eye, he would be the one apologizing to Zhang Yu, begging for the righteous god behind him to show mercy.

Zhou Chechen sighed inwardly, _I am but a pawn in this game._

_But this Zhang Yu... to be able to call upon a sixth-rank righteous god to personally intervene over such a small matter, just how highly regarded are he and Bai Zhenzhen by this god?_

---

While Myriad Stars Group and the Zhou family were in an uproar.

Inside the Patrol Bureau.

Zhang Yu was continuing his cultivation in the office.

Although the door was locked, the air conditioning was getting colder, and his stomach was empty, there was not a trace of panic on his face. He simply continued his daily cultivation routine methodically.

_After all, the matter has been handed over to Deng Bingding, so it's not my place to interfere now._

Zhang Yu knew that there was only one thing he could do now: continue to cultivate diligently and increase his chances of passing the final round of the Foundation Establishment exam and obtaining the qualification certificate.

Just then, the office door suddenly opened.

Gong Zhe walked in carrying a large tray of food and two glasses of beast protein milk, his face wreathed in smiles as he said, "You two must be hungry, right?"

"There's not much to eat at the bureau, so I specially ordered some pre-made meal delivery. See if it's to your liking."

Seeing Gong Zhe's sudden one-hundred-and-eighty-degree change in attitude, Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen exchanged a glance, thinking to themselves that Deng Bingding must have made a move.

Gong Zhe placed the food in front of the two, his face full of enthusiasm, as if the person who had coldly interrogated Zhang Yu earlier was someone else entirely.

Gong Zhe smiled and said, "Eat, please eat while it's hot."

"By the way, there was an oversight in our investigation earlier. The surveillance footage has been repaired. It wasn't a mutual fight at all. It was indeed that Yue Jincheng who tried to steal the phone. You were acting in self-defense."

As he spoke, Gong Zhe thought to himself, _You two, if you had a connection to a sixth-rank righteous god, you should have said so earlier!_

_To think they locked down the entire Myriad Stars Group for these two._

In Gong Zhe's eyes, Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen were now two great Buddhas.

After hearing about the situation with Myriad Stars Group, Gong Zhe just wanted to send the two of them away as quickly as possible.

But Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen just chuckled upon hearing his words and started to eat heartily without replying to Gong Zhe.

There was no trace of awkwardness on Gong Zhe's face. He continued to say politely, "The matter has been thoroughly investigated. You two can leave whenever you wish."

Bai Zhenzhen snorted coldly and said, "No need to pay bail anymore?"

Gong Zhe said helplessly, "You two, it was a mistake in our work before. I sincerely apologize to you both here."

After speaking, he bowed to Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen.

Gong Zhe continued, "The bureau is taking this matter very seriously now and will definitely give you two a satisfactory explanation."

Bai Zhenzhen said, "What about the person who attacked us? Why haven't you arrested him?"

Gong Zhe said helplessly, "That person is now involved in another case..."

As Gong Zhe repeatedly apologized and tried to placate Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen, someone suddenly knocked on the door from outside, then came in and whispered a few words in Gong Zhe's ear.

Gong Zhe's eyes lit up, and he quickly said, "You two, the suspect and the mastermind have been caught!"

"However, they want to apologize to you in person. I wonder if you two would be willing to meet them?"

---

The mediation room.

The moment Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen opened the door and walked in, they heard a thud.

Yue Jincheng and Si Zhouyu had already kneeled on the ground, kowtowing to the two of them.

Kneeling on the ground, Yue Jincheng's face was full of humiliation. The thought of himself, a dignified university student, having to kneel and apologize to two high school students made him feel as if his dignity as a university student had been trampled into the mud.

But thinking about his loans, the difficulty of finding a job, and his hardworking parents, he could only suppress the pain in his heart.

_Yue Jincheng, oh Yue Jincheng, this is how the world is. You're just an ordinary university student. Their background is powerful; you can't afford to offend them._

Yue Jincheng said in a deep voice, "I'm sorry. It was my own decision to attack you. Please forgive me."

Si Zhouyu, kneeling on the other side, had fewer burdens on her mind. _Isn't it just kneeling and apologizing?_

In high school, she knelt to students with good grades.

In vocational college, she knelt to university students, to the second-generation rich, to teachers...

After starting work, she knelt to her superiors, to clients...

She had long since gotten used to it.

As for dignity? What dignity does a vocational college student need?

That was something for high school students with good grades, university students from good schools, new university graduates, and the rich...

And Si Zhouyu had thrown away that useless thing bit by bit ever since she was kicked out of the model class in high school.

Si Zhouyu said with a sincere face, "You two, I'm sorry I didn't stop my colleague. This was a huge mistake on my part."

"I am extremely sorry for the trouble I caused you both today."

Si Zhouyu thought to herself, _A few kowtows are fine, just don't make me pay money._

At the same time, Zhou Chechen, who was standing behind the two, also stepped forward.

He kicked Yue Jincheng hard in the back, then slapped Si Zhouyu across the face, and angrily reprimanded, "Look at the mess you two have made! You've completely disgraced Myriad Stars Group."

Then, he looked at Zhang Yu with a sincere face and said, "Zhang Yu, I was the one who had them observe you. I just wanted to see where you went for tutoring after school."

"I didn't expect Yue Jincheng to be so impulsive as to try to steal your phone to find out your tutoring information."

"Today, I'll have them kneel here. You can hit them and teach them a lesson however you like..."

Looking at Zhou Chechen's sincere expression, Zhang Yu was reminded of the first time he met him, also with a sincere and earnest face.

And what he said about finding out about tutoring classes sounded so reasonable. After all, tutoring information was important intelligence in high school, and it was not uncommon for students to engage in all sorts of schemes because of it.

But how could the current Zhang Yu believe his story? He just sighed inwardly, _This guy's acting is as good as ever._

Meanwhile, Bai Zhenzhen, who was standing to the side, said coldly, "What's the use of hitting them? Can hitting them make up for the time we wasted today?"

Zhou Chechen sighed inwardly, _Sigh, these two are not as easy to fool as I thought. I guess I'll have to pay up._

_They are minions of a righteous god, after all, so they must be as money-grubbing as the gods themselves. I wonder how the negotiations between my father, my uncle, and the righteous gods are going. I need to get this side settled as soon as possible._

On the other side, Zhang Yu let Zhou Chechen and Bai Zhenzhen go back and forth. He did not interject, but instead contacted Deng Bingding.

He definitely had to follow her advice on how to handle this matter.

After hearing Zhang Yu's report, Deng Bingding replied, _What do you think?_

Just then, Fu Ji said, "On our side, let's just have Zhou Chechen pay a bit more money."

"The evidence we have now at most proves that the Zhou family sent people to follow us, which is enough for Deng Bingding to investigate, but not enough to crush the Zhou family."

"The Zhou family is deeply rooted, after all. Without conclusive evidence, if Deng Bingding really tries to force the issue, she herself might have to pay a price."

"Deng Bingding probably doesn't intend to fight the Zhou family to the death, but she not only has the guts to use the Foundation Establishment exam as a pretext to extort a hefty sum, but she has a lot of it. She's probably 'enthusiastically communicating' with the Zhou family's upper echelons right now."

"But if we insist on her investigating thoroughly, it will instead make this righteous god think we're troublesome."

"Moreover... if something is really found behind the Zhou family, it might not be good for us either."

Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen remembered something Fu Ji had said before.

"Zhou Tianyi, who died from a backlash after attacking Zhang Yu, the Zhou family that started to make moves after the deaths of Song Xu and the evil god behind him, and the possible existence of an evil god behind Songyang High School..."

"Although there is no concrete evidence, all these clues vaguely point to one possibility: that there might be an evil god behind the Zhou family."

"Especially according to what Zhou Tianyi said, the evil god behind him knew that Zhang Yu also had an evil god."

"If the evil god behind Zhou Tianyi is the same one behind the Zhou family... then we absolutely cannot let Deng Bingding investigate to the end."

"If she really finds the Zhou family's evil god, and they expose us in return, things will get complicated."

Zhang Yu nodded slightly. Fu Ji's reminder was also the result of their earlier discussion. While the righteous god was making the Zhou family bleed and Deng Bingding was taking a big bite out of them using this incident, they might as well take some benefits on the side, instead of insisting on fighting the Zhou family to the death and making things difficult for the righteous god.

And after Zhang Yu replied to Deng Bingding with his thoughts, he received a thumbs-up emoji in response.

Looking at the thumbs-up on his phone, Zhang Yu instantly felt confident. And seeing this thumbs-up, Fu Ji thought to herself: _It seems the extortion on the righteous god's side is also going smoothly. The Zhou family has conceded quickly this time._

Zhang Yu raised his head and looked at Zhou Chechen and the other two, saying, "Zhou Chechen, don't think an apology will end this."

"If you don't satisfy us today, this matter isn't over."

Gong Zhe, standing to the side, coughed and looked at Zhou Chechen, saying, "Students Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen were peacefully enjoying the park when they were suddenly attacked by your company's employee. They not only suffered mental shock but were also injured."

"Their precious morning time, which they could have spent studying, was wasted here with you."

"You're a high school student yourself. Put yourself in their shoes. Isn't the loss huge? Doesn't it need to be compensated?"

Zhou Chechen nodded and said, "Zhang Yu, Bai Zhenzhen, I am willing to offer 100,000 to compensate for your losses..."

"100,000?" Bai Zhenzhen sneered, "Are you kidding? If Zhang Yu had a root, he could make more than ten times that at the Red Pagoda seed bank."

"Think about it, by that standard, how many times could he have produced with the time you wasted?"

_Wait, what the hell..._ Zhang Yu whipped his head around to look at Bai Zhenzhen, cursing inwardly, _Is that how you help me negotiate?_

However, Zhang Yu knew that now was not the time to be petty. He turned his head to look at Zhou Chechen and said, "Don't talk to me about money. I'm not short on money. This isn't something money can solve. The emotional trauma you've caused me today is something I'll never be able to heal from in my lifetime."