---
title: "Zhang Yu's Bountiful Harvest"
prev: "209"
next: "211"
---
# Chapter 210: Zhang Yu's Bountiful Harvest

Seeing Zhang Yu's attitude of treating money like dirt, Zhou Chechen knew that his appetite this time must be huge.

_Father and uncle will definitely have to bleed a lot to satisfy that sixth-rank righteous god._

_But on this side, as the involved parties, Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen... also need to be dealt with._

Although Zhou Chechen had already anticipated this, the thought of not only having to apologize and admit his fault to these two but also having to cut off a piece of his flesh for them made him feel a surge of resentment in his heart.

He never would have imagined that these two poor ghosts, who were nothing but ants in his eyes a year ago and whom he could have easily pressed into signing a contract, would have grown to this extent in less than a year.

_Is this the power of having a sixth-rank righteous god as a backer?_

Zhou Chechen suddenly recalled some secrets his father had once mentioned. It was said that the truly wealthy people above, their meticulously refined bloodline descendants, owned shares and became company shareholders the moment they were born. They could be born as believers with a faith level of 5.

He sighed inwardly, _In the end, this world is all about connections. The Zhou family is still too weak._

Zhou Chechen shook his head slightly, trying his best to shake off the distracting thoughts and resentment in his heart. He continued to speak to Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen in a gentle tone, "I know that no amount of money can compensate for the trauma you two have suffered this time."

"I am willing to give each of you 500,000 to express my sincerity..."

Zhang Yu waved his hand and said, "I told you, this isn't about money."

Bai Zhenzhen also said in a cold tone from the side, "Do you think you can do whatever you want and break the law just because you have money?"

Zhou Chechen wanted to slam the table and shout, "What else?"

But then he thought of the company's shutdown due to the lockdown, the losses incurred every second because of the shutdown, his father's repeated instructions, and the family resources he had consumed since childhood... Zhou Chechen's raised neck finally broke.

He bowed again and said, "I'm sorry, you two. I really don't mean to buy you off with money."

"This 500,000... no, I'll give each of you 1 million. It's just to express my apology. You don't need to make any statements."

As he said this, the extremely resentful Zhou Chechen suddenly kicked Yue Jincheng hard in the chest again and said coldly, "Take a good look at how much trouble your madness has caused for Student Zhang Yu and Student Bai Zhenzhen."

"Give me both of your phones."

Hearing this, Yue Jincheng and Si Zhouyu's faces twitched, and they struggled to hand over their phones.

Zhou Chechen took their phones and said, "Today, I'll make the decision. They will also compensate each of you 500,000 to express their apologies."

Yue Jincheng and Si Zhouyu, standing to the side, froze, feeling their hearts bleed.

Si Zhouyu looked at Yue Jincheng with resentment, regretting more and more that she hadn't stopped him.

An idea sparked in Zhang Yu's mind. Zhou Chechen's 1 million, plus the 500,000 from these two, meant that he and Bai Zhenzhen would each receive 1.5 million, for a total of 3 million.

Although he was already looking forward to how he would use this cash, Zhang Yu remained outwardly impassive, looking at Zhou Chechen coldly, as if he had no interest in the 1.5 million.

Zhou Chechen continued, "I know you two have lost a lot of cultivation time. I will find a way to compensate you immediately after I return to school..."

According to Zhou Chechen, Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen would no longer have to abide by the school's various disciplines and could arrange their own class content at will.

Not only could they come and go as they pleased in general education classes like math and language, but they could even skip martial arts, physical education, Daoist arts, and magic power classes. Zhang Yu's after-school Daoist arts tutoring would also be canceled...

In addition, the school's various benefits would be given to them on a priority basis.

For example, the alchemical enhancers given out in physical education class would be given to them three times a day. The school's spiritual roots could be borrowed for free for 100 hours a month. They could also request any martial arts teacher to train with them for free for a certain period of time. In addition, there was also the school's Spirit Realm training qualification...

Although she knew that Zhou Chechen was using the school's resources to offer benefits, Bai Zhenzhen still felt a stir of excitement when she heard that she could get one-on-one tutoring from a martial arts teacher.

She thought to herself, _Before I fight Yun Jing, if I can have daily practical combat with those Qi Refinement peak martial arts teachers, it will definitely be a great help in improving my combat power._

And when Zhang Yu heard about the 100 hours of free spiritual root borrowing per month and the Spirit Realm training qualification, he couldn't help but raise his eyebrows.

The buffs from various spiritual roots were something that Zhang Yu, who had no spiritual root himself, could never have enough of.

Spirit Realm training was even more what Zhang Yu, whose Dao heart was currently lagging, needed.

Especially since these things were now being offered for free, they were even more attractive to the currently broke Zhang Yu.

Zhang Yu said lightly, "Are you sure all of this will be provided for free? Until I graduate?"

Faced with Zhang Yu's skepticism, Zhou Chechen of course patted his chest and assured him. These resources were expensive for outsiders, but for the school itself, it was a matter of allocating existing resources.

And since Songyang High School was a school under Myriad Stars Group, with the support of the Zhou family, Zhou Chechen could naturally interfere with the resource allocation.

He thought to himself, _Anyway, the idle spiritual roots are just sitting there. I might as well let them use them for free._

_As for the Spirit Realm, I'll have to reluctantly give up my and Lan Ling's spots._

_The teacher part is simple. I'll just schedule a few more sessions for them to guide Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen._

Zhang Yu said, "Your guarantee alone is not enough. Let's sign a contract."

Zhou Chechen was slightly taken aback. He didn't expect that he had failed to press Zhang Yu into signing a contract before, but now it was Zhang Yu's turn to press him into signing one.

He forced a smile and said, "No problem."

Just then, Fu Ji reminded him, "Haven't you always wanted to learn a few more cultivation techniques? Make him hand over all the cultivation techniques that Songyang High School has the right to teach."

Zhang Yu's eyes lit up when he heard this, and he immediately made the request.

He knew that Songyang High School had many expert-level cultivation techniques that were only taught to outstanding students in the second half of the second year and the third year of high school.

Not to mention that these expert-level cultivation techniques themselves could improve his strength, he remembered that when he was learning the basic cultivation techniques before, he had also looked at the other copyrighted cultivation techniques held by the school, some of which could be used to light up the Technique-Chaining Diagram and form set effects for him.

Zhang Yu thought to himself, _I remember one of them can be used to form the Martial Dao Holy Embryo, and another can be used to form the Scion of Dragons._

Zhou Chechen nodded and said, "No problem. Whether it's the cultivation technique textbooks for the first, second, or third year of high school, you can learn whatever you want."

Fu Ji reminded him again, "The spiritual roots must be specified. It won't be long before your and Bai Zhenzhen's magic power and physical bodies reach the peak of Qi Refinement. Many spiritual roots will be useless to you then."

"Especially if he tries to fob you off with lower-grade spiritual roots then, they will be completely useless to you."

Hearing Zhang Yu's request once again, Zhou Chechen reluctantly listed all the Heavenly Spiritual Roots in the school for Zhang Yu to choose from, to be written into the contract.

Zhou Chechen introduced, "The most famous, most useful, and most valuable spiritual root in our Songyang High School is of course the Primordial Yang Spiritual Root."

"The Primordial Yang Spiritual Root can refine the primordial yang essence in a virgin's body into magic power. The effect of increasing magic power is very powerful..."

Hearing the words 'increase magic power,' Zhang Yu lost interest, as his magic power was already close to 100 points.

He especially remembered that this Primordial Yang Spiritual Root had been passed down in Songyang High School for nearly twenty years, handled by generations of seniors, and had been contaminated with the primordial yang essence of thousands of students.

The remaining Heavenly Spiritual Roots were also mainly for increasing magic power and physical strength. Zhang Yu looked at them and was not very satisfied, saying, "Is that all?"

Zhou Chechen gritted his teeth and had to say, "My family also has some Heavenly Spiritual Roots that are usually leased to the clan's disciples. See if you're interested in any of them."

"Of course, it's also 100 hours of free use per month."

Looking at the new list provided by Zhou Chechen, Zhang Yu's eyes lit up, discovering that they were all rare spiritual roots.

Zhang Yu asked, "What does this Dead Spiritual Root do?"

Zhou Chechen replied, "It can absorb the death qi from the deceased and is specifically used to cultivate our Zhou family's ancestral cultivation technique. To make the most of this Dead Spiritual Root, it's best to have a large number of corpse assets on hand. The older the corpses, the better."

Zhang Yu asked again, "And this Winter Spiritual Root?"

Zhou Chechen replied, "It can absorb frost qi and change the attribute of one's magic power. It needs to be used in conjunction with a low-temperature cryo-chamber."

Zhang Yu looked through these Heavenly Spiritual Roots one by one and finally settled on...

"This Resentment Spiritual Root is quite interesting."

Zhang Yu chose this Resentment Spiritual Root for a reason. He clearly remembered that among the cultivation techniques needed to form the Martial Dao Holy Embryo, there was a relatively cheap expert-level Resentful Baleful Art that only cost 500,000.

The reason it was cheaper than the other cultivation techniques in the Martial Dao Holy Embryo was that this technique required refining resentment qi for body tempering.

Because the threshold for practicing this technique was very high, fewer and fewer people practiced it, and the price of the cultivation technique had been falling ever since.

Zhou Chechen said, "This Resentment Spiritual Root is for extracting the resentment of the deceased. It's useless to ordinary cultivators."

Fu Ji said, "Heh, this kid is feeling the pinch. This Resentment Spiritual Root isn't just for extracting the resentment of the deceased. He's trying to trick you."

Zhang Yu glanced at Zhou Chechen and said lightly, "Why do I remember that this Resentment Spiritual Root can also refine the resentment of the living?"

"Speaking of which, how can the resentment of the dead compare to that of the living?"

"Especially high schools and companies, aren't these some of the places with the most resentment in the world?"

Zhou Chechen didn't expect Zhang Yu to know about the Resentment Spiritual Root. He nodded helplessly and said, "I'd forgotten if you hadn't mentioned it."

"But if you want to refine resentment qi at school, you'll have to pay a fee."

"Hmm?" Zhang Yu was surprised, "There's a fee for that too?"

Zhou Chechen reminded him, "You may have forgotten, but in the contract that every student signs before entering the school, there is a clause that stipulates that the school has the first right of disposal over resources generated during cultivation within the school, such as resentment, death qi, and excrement."

"Of course, I can have the school waive this fee for you, as an apology to you both."