---
title: "The Holy Embryo's First Forming, The Exam Approaches"
prev: "216"
next: "218"
---
# Chapter 217: The Holy Embryo's First Forming, The Exam Approaches

In early November.

As the monthly exams once again drew near, the students of Purple Cloud High School hurried to and fro, and the sound of them reading aloud constantly echoed from the restrooms.

Lian Tianji glanced at the empty seat not far away and thought, _Has the sacred number one gone to find Zhang Yu again?_

He clenched his fists.

_She won't even spare the one-hour lunch break?_

In an apartment outside Purple Cloud High School, Le Mulan, having just finished her workout, was drenched in sweat. Her entire body glistened with a layer of moisture, as if she had just stepped out of a swimming pool.

She looked at the puddle on the floor where her sweat and Zhang Yu's had mixed, a hint of hesitation in her eyes.

Le Mulan opened her mouth and asked, "Zhang Yu, you don't need to take alchemical enhancers anymore?"

Zhang Yu looked at the data on the Feather Book.

Following his physical strength's breakthrough to level 10, reaching the limit of Qi Refinement...

His magic power, which had been over 97, had finally reached 100 units, officially hitting the Qi Refinement limit.

Recalling the arduous training of the past year, Zhang Yu said with a sigh, "Yes, ordinary drugs are of little use to me now."

After speaking, he continued to practice the new expert-level body tempering cultivation technique he had purchased—the Whale Tendon Nine Transformations.

His muscles continuously expanded and contracted, gradually becoming more and more elastic with each repetition of the exercise.

As Zhang Yu practiced this cultivation technique, he thought, _With each layer of this Whale Tendon Nine Transformations I master, my muscles gain an additional layer of elastic softness. Not only can I expand my muscles and change my body shape, but my muscles will also gain a powerful resistance to blows._

At this moment, Zhang Yu had already cultivated the Whale Tendon Nine Transformations to the 5th level, and he could feel that when he channeled his force, his muscles could take on a rubber-like state, providing a far greater resistance to blunt force from fists, feet, and clubs than ever before.

Zhang Yu mused, _If I cultivate this technique to the 10th level, according to the description of the 10th-level effect in the electronic manual, I should have no problem increasing my height from my normal state to about 2.8 meters at will._

_At that point, the damage resistance of my flesh and blood will be even more terrifying. A master of the same level would probably need dozens of consecutive strikes to even injure me._

_This 1.1 million-cost manual is truly extraordinary._

Thinking of the price of the Whale Tendon Nine Transformations, Zhang Yu couldn't help but marvel at how incredibly useful money was in Kunxu.

_In Kunxu, in the end, money is what makes you strong._

_And with money, combined with my terrifying potential, the rate of improvement is even faster._

If it weren't for the need to earn more money, Zhang Yu wouldn't have taken on this sparring job with Le Mulan in addition to his classes at the Dark Learning Gang.

After all, his magic power and physical body had already reached the limit of Qi Refinement, and most drugs no longer aided his cultivation.

Hearing Zhang Yu's reply, the feelings in Le Mulan's heart grew even more complex.

She remembered the words of her brother, Le Jingchen.

"Based on what you said last time, have you collected the sweat I asked you to?"

"Sweat this clean after taking alchemical enhancers is no simple matter. It might be some new Immortal Dao technology."

"I've heard news from the Purple Cloud headquarters in the Immortal Capital that a powerful family there claims to have discovered a new modification surgery that gives a high school student a metabolic capacity far exceeding their strength. They have been searching for the company behind this technology."

"The situation in Songyang City is currently in flux, and the Oasis Group's takeover is a certainty. If we can find the origin of this technology, it would also add to our family's bargaining chips..."

"If you have the chance, just collect some and take it to the lab for analysis."

"Right, remember not to let him find out."

Recalling her brother's words, Le Mulan thought to herself, _I never expected this... back then, it was Zhang Yu who was hesitant about whether to collect my sweat._

_Now, it's my turn to collect his._

Seeing Zhang Yu go to the restroom, another of her brother's sentences flashed through Le Mulan's mind: _If you can get urine or other bodily fluids, that would be even better._

Le Mulan's cheeks flushed red, and she quickly shook her head, forcing the infuriating thought out of her mind.

While Zhang Yu was in the restroom, she quickly took a test tube from her bag and began to collect the sweat from the floor.

---

Time continued to fly by as Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen worked and cultivated.

In the blink of an eye, another half a month passed, bringing them to mid-November.

Today, Zhang Yu was at White Dragon High School, cultivating with Yu Xinghan.

And while Yu Xinghan was resting, Zhang Yu was cultivating his new technique alone: the fifth expert-level body tempering cultivation technique that could form the Martial Dao Holy Embryo—the Blood Exchange Grand Art.

He sat cross-legged on the ground, the skin on his face, arms, and other areas of his body flushing alternately blue and red as the blood in his body rapidly metabolized and circulated.

_This Blood Exchange Grand Art can increase stamina and purify the flesh and blood by accelerating blood metabolism. It can also deliver nutrients and energy to all parts of the body more quickly, which indeed increases the operational power of my physical body._

Zhang Yu could feel that as he cultivated this technique, he would be able to exert his full physical power for a longer duration.

_1.03 million was a bit expensive. If it weren't for my current high income, I really couldn't afford a martial art like this._

As Zhang Yu silently circulated the Blood Exchange Grand Art, Yu Xinghan was on his phone, going through the reimbursement process with his senior sister.

"Senior Sister, I've finished the class with Zhang Yu. It cost 30,000."

Yu Xinghan looked at the 15,000 he had spent on Zhang Yu, then at the 30,000 that Li Xuelian had sent him, and chuckled to himself. _Hmph, a woman I can play right in the palm of my hand._

_Hiss, I feel it coming again._

Yu Xinghan picked up a collection bottle and walked towards the door. "Zhang Yu, you practice on your own for a bit. I need to work some unexpected overtime."

Meanwhile, in a distant office.

Li Xuelian glanced at the 30,000 payment she had just made and sent a message to True Person Starfire. "Dad, Yu Xinghan spent another 100,000."

"Send me the money quickly. He's in his second year of high school right now, a critical time when he needs money. Not a single cent can be spared."

---

Time flew by as Yu Xinghan and Li Xuelian continuously provided him with funds, and soon it was late November.

In the cafeteria of Songyang High School.

Zhang Yu looked at the new synthetic meat before him. Seeing its shape, texture, and color, which were almost indistinguishable from real meat, he took a bite, and a look of surprise crossed his face.

"This synthetic meat from the Oasis Group is incredible! It's almost exactly like real meat."

Beside him, Bai Zhenzhen also nodded repeatedly, taking large bites of the synthetic meat. "It's cheap and delicious. Who would buy real meat anymore?"

Just then, a student silently walked up to their table and placed a small bowl of synthetic meat on it as an offering.

"Hey, hey, hey!" Bai Zhenzhen was about to call out to the student, but he scurried away without looking back.

At the same time, there were already over a dozen such small dishes that had been offered to them on the table.

Zhao Tianxing watched from the side with great envy, both envious of how much they could eat and of their prestige and dignity at Songyang High School.

He thought to himself, _Ever since Bai Zhenzhen stood up for the first-year students and taught a lesson to the third-year seniors who were bullying the freshmen, the entire first and second years have come to Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen for protection._

Recalling the various rumors about the Myriad Stars Group being blockaded and Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen having incredibly deep backgrounds, Zhao Tianxing sighed inwardly. _Truly worthy of being called the emperors of Songyang High School._

_Within the bounds of Songyang High School, the clown position can no longer appear beneath their feet._

_And as long as I stay close to them, I too can stay far away from the clown position._

After lunch, Zhang Yu went to the roof of the cafeteria, closed his eyes, and began to circulate the Resentment Spiritual Root within his body, absorbing the resentment qi within Songyang High School.

At this moment, he was using the impact of the resentment qi to temper his Dao heart.

Dao heart: Level 7 (75.3%)

And while using the impact of the resentment qi to train his Dao heart, Zhang Yu did not forget to circulate his magic power and continue cultivating the sixth expert-level body tempering cultivation technique that would form the Martial Dao Holy Embryo—the Five Qi Organ Refining Art.

He circulated his magic power through different meridians, creating specialized magic power of five different attributes to nourish his five organs, coordinating their powers to complement each other and make his internal organs increasingly powerful.

And in this process of refining his organs, Zhang Yu's digestive and metabolic abilities would also be continuously enhanced.

_Although with the High School Sacred Body, my digestive and metabolic abilities are already sufficiently powerful. But considering that the High School Sacred Body will eventually be replaced, the enhancement from this Five Qi Organ Refining Art will be very useful then._

_Moreover, when this cultivation technique is cultivated to the 10th level, I will be able to mobilize the power of my internal organs during combat and integrate it into my combat techniques._

_In that case, even with the same level of physical strength, my explosive power will be a notch stronger._

The next moment, the negative emotions brought by the impact of the resentment qi made Zhang Yu's brow twitch, and he had no choice but to let go of all distracting thoughts and devote himself wholeheartedly to his cultivation.

---

Time flew by amidst Zhang Yu's focused cultivation, and it was soon early December, with only one month left until the final round of the Foundation Establishment exam.

Zhang Yu walked out slowly from the classroom where he had just finished teaching for the Dark Learning Gang, amidst the admiring gazes of the many students.

Black Crow went up to him and reminded him, "Teacher Ma, it's thanks to you holding down the fort recently that many of the Golden Class Gang's elderly students have been drawn over."

"Coupled with Teacher Le's repeated brilliant achievements, the Golden Class Gang is not only at a disadvantage now, but their internal situation is also precarious."

"But the more this is the case, the fiercer their counterattacks will be. It is highly likely they will target you. You must be extra careful."

Zhang Yu replied somewhat distractedly, "It's merely mutually beneficial. If not for this, my income these past two months would not have skyrocketed so much."

At the same time, Zhang Yu's gaze was drifting towards the contents of the Technique-Chaining Diagram on the Feather Book.

Ever since he had raised the Five Qi Organ Refining Art to the 10th level, the Martial Dao Holy Embryo had finally gathered the six required cultivation techniques, unlocking its first-tier effect.

And as he replaced the six cultivation techniques one by one on the Technique-Chaining Diagram, the original High School Sacred Body had already vanished, replaced by:

Primary-Martial Dao Holy Embryo (6/6): The holy embryo is in its initial stage of formation. Resistance to blows and self-healing ability for external wounds have skyrocketed.

_Skyrocketed? It doesn't specify to what extent. It seems I'll have to slowly test it out myself._

As Zhang Yu was walking on a road in the suburbs, he suddenly heard Fu Ji say, "The network signal is suddenly a bit weak."

"It seems someone has come to cause trouble for you."