---
title: "Mr. Wang is Kind"
prev: "238"
next: "240"
---
# Chapter 239: Mr. Wang is Kind

Listening to Zhang Pianpian's descriptions of the various university majors, Zhang Yu felt a wave of emotion.

"This choice of university major is practically a second reincarnation."

"Even in the same university, a good choice can make you nobility, while a bad one will make you a commoner."

Next, Zhang Yu asked about the matter of teachers, mentioning that he could designate a teacher after passing the Foundation Establishment exam.

Zhang Pianpian said she could help investigate and tell him next time, but she could at most only find out about the situation at Myriad Laws University.

After learning so much about Myriad Laws University from Zhang Pianpian, Zhang Yu felt even more inclined to enter it.

"With my sister's help, my advantages after joining Myriad Laws University will be obvious."

After ending the call, Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen were walking home, and he voiced this thought.

Bai Zhenzhen nodded in agreement, "Being able to go to the same university as our mom is of course a good thing. I support it with both hands."

Just then, they heard Fu Ji say, "Myriad Laws University belongs to the Myriad Laws Sect. Among the Ten Great Sects, the Myriad Laws Sect is as famous as the Netherworld Palace and the Heavenly Demon Sect, belonging to the Upper Three Sects."

"Myriad Laws University, Netherworld University, and Heavenly Demon University are naturally the three strongest universities among the Ten Greats."

Zhang Yu understood that although the Ten Greats were already at the pinnacle of all universities, there was inevitably a hierarchy among them as well.

After learning that Myriad Laws University was one of the top three of the Ten Greats, Zhang Yu was even more tempted.

Especially when hearing the names of the other two universities, Netherworld University? Heavenly Demon University?

Zhang Yu dared not even imagine what those two schools would be like.

But just after praising Myriad Laws, Fu Ji's tone shifted as she warned, "Although Zhang Pianpian's help is indeed a great benefit for you entering Myriad Laws University."

"She is, after all, under the watch of a righteous god, and a student of the Talisman Department. The closer you get to her, the more likely you are to attract the extra attention of the righteous god, and the more likely my existence will be discovered."

Hearing Fu Ji's reminder, Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen suddenly became conflicted again.

Subsequently, as Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen returned to campus, more corporate representatives acting on behalf of the universities above began to contact them.

Because Oasis Group had already blown the situation wide open, these corporate representatives for the universities no longer had any scruples, all directly finding Zhang Yu and presenting him with the conditions from their various universities.

Several days passed in a flash. After the corporate representatives finished speaking with Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen and left their contact information, they departed one after another, and the campus of Songyang High School seemed to have returned to its usual tranquility.

Zhang Yu looked at the electronic document on his phone. This was his record of the conditions offered by the various universities over the past few days.

Due to the ritual, all universities that were not among the Ten Greats were directly eliminated by him.

At this moment, the document only recorded ten universities and their related majors.

Zhang Yu thought, _Myriad Laws University has majors suitable for both me and Zhen, and the terms, while not the best, are quite good. Plus, we'll have my sister's help._

_However..._

He then looked at Vajra University. This university, directly affiliated with the Vajra Sect, highly valued Zhang Yu's body tempering potential. Not only did they promise a direct PhD path, but they were also willing to sponsor a Heavenly Spiritual Root and apply for a part-time military position for him after enrollment, as well as access to military-grade cultivation techniques in the future.

_The Vajra Sect has given me the most favorable conditions._

_But the conditions for Zhen are a bit worse..._

Zhang Yu then looked at Heavenly Sword University. This university, directly under the Heavenly Sword Sect, was taken with Bai Zhenzhen's performance in the Foundation Establishment exam and gave her the most generous terms.

_In terms of benefits alone, I should go to the Vajra Sect, and Zhen should go to the Heavenly Sword Sect._

_But if we attend Myriad Laws University together, although the benefits aren't as good, we'll have my sister's help and a greater advantage in choosing majors and teachers..._

_I also have to consider Fu Ji's problem..._

_Sigh..._

After thinking for a long time, Zhang Yu only became more conflicted, unable to reach a conclusion.

For the choice of university and major, an opportunity that was tantamount to a second reincarnation, both he and Bai Zhenzhen were extremely cautious. But the more they considered, the more difficult and tangled the choice became.

Fu Ji said faintly, "There's no need to rush. You just have to decide before the college entrance exam registration."

"If you can save up enough money to buy a spiritual root and complete Foundation Establishment before the exam, you can renegotiate the terms. Maybe you won't be so conflicted then."

Zhang Yu nodded, deciding to take a long-term view.

Just after Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen had finished speaking with all the representatives, they received an invitation that evening from that Mr. Wang of Oasis Group.

They arrived at the designated location, the 999th floor of the Central Tower.

Zhang Yu remembered the last time they came here was for the art exhibition held by True Person Starfire's daughter, Li Xuelian.

But arriving on the 999th floor now, they found that the decoration and furnishings had been completely renewed, transformed from the original exhibition hall into what looked like a luxury residence and office.

A young man in a red robe with a head of crimson hair was standing before the floor-to-ceiling glass window, looking out at the night view of Songyang City.

As Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen arrived, the young man turned around and smiled faintly, "The Oasis Tower will take some time to build, forcing me to make do here for now."

"I originally wanted to find you directly at school, but I remembered you must be busy discussing things with representatives from the various universities these past few days, so I didn't want to disturb you."

The first impression Zhang Yu had upon seeing this red-haired, red-robed young man was friendliness.

In the man's incredibly clear eyes, he couldn't sense a single trace of hostility, only sincerity, kindness, and goodwill.

This was a gaze Zhang Yu hadn't seen in Kunxu for a very, very long time, and it made him freeze for a moment.

The young man walked up and continued, "My name is Wang Yin. You can call me Mr. Wang."

"Actually, we've met before. I watched your match during the final round of the Foundation Establishment exam. I told myself then and there, I must have these two talents."

Hearing this, both Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen's hearts tensed, instantly realizing the same thing.

_This guy is from above!_

But Wang Yin just smiled faintly and continued, "I'm a straightforward person in my words and actions."

"Whoever I admire, I throw money at."

As he spoke, Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen's phones vibrated slightly. Wang Yin gestured, "Take a look. It should be the transfer record."

Seeing the notification of a 5 million deposit on each of their phones, both of them found their breathing growing heavy, their minds unable to remain calm.

"This is the 10 million he promised to donate?"

Zhang Yu had originally thought that even if the other party called it a donation, there would certainly be some conditions attached. He never expected the money to be transferred the very moment they met.

At this moment, Zhang Yu had to admit that the Mr. Wang before him was the kindest, most outstanding, most magnanimous person he had ever met, and the most suitable person to be his father.

With such a grand gesture, if this happened a few more times, wouldn't they have enough money to buy a Heavenly Spiritual Root?

Just as Zhang Yu was thinking this, Bai Zhenzhen beside him had already bent her knees, preparing to kneel and call out "Dad."

But then a flash of golden light appeared in the air, and a series of runes materialized out of thin air, directly stopping Bai Zhenzhen.

Zhang Yu was slightly stunned and thought, "This is divine power? He cast a spell?"

Zhang Yu glanced at Wang Yin's hands but saw no Talisman Tome, nor did he see any movement of drawing a talisman.

Fu Ji said grimly, "It's semi-automatic talisman-less spellcasting. His faith level is at least 8 or higher. His entire being is constantly connected to the divine power network; the spell arrives as soon as the thought does."

"This person is definitely a key surveillance target of a righteous god. I'll have to hide myself completely from now on..."

As Fu Ji's voice completely faded away, Wang Yin waved his hand and said, "I don't like people kneeling. I don't like to engage in formalism."

"In the future, study hard, cultivate well, and if you join the company, work hard and contribute more to Kunxu. Be a diligent person, and this money of mine won't have been donated in vain."

In that instant, Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen were once again shaken, not because of the 10 million, but because they genuinely felt that the person before them was very handsome and possessed great charisma.

Wang Yin continued, "I gave you this 10 million purely because I admire you. You don't need to feel burdened. Talented and capable people deserve to earn more. This is the logic of Kunxu."

"As for what I'm about to discuss with you, you should also decide according to your own thoughts. State whatever conditions you need to state, don't have any reservations."

With that, another flash of golden light appeared beside Wang Yin, and divine power projected a slideshow.

"Oasis Group has several products that we want to fully launch into the first layer's market."

"Originally, we wanted to use the hype from the Foundation Establishment exam, with Ye Lingxiao as the main focus, supplemented by the other winners, to help with the promotion."

"But Ye Lingxiao has lost now."

"Fortunately, you two are even more outstanding."

"So I'd like to invite you two to help me with the promotion, as spokespeople for Oasis Corporation. What do you think?"

Zhang Yu quickly said, "No problem."

Zhang Yu didn't consider himself a materialistic person. His quick agreement now was definitely not because of the money he had just received, but because he truly felt that the Wang Yin before him was very different from the people of Kunxu he had met before.

He thought to himself, _Mr. Wang... might completely change the environment of Kunxu's first layer._

Beside him, Bai Zhenzhen stammered, "Then... then the payment for this..."

Zhang Yu shot Bai Zhenzhen a glance, thinking that Zhen was still too focused on money. Working for a great figure like Mr. Wang, would they ever have to worry about not making money?

Wang Yin smiled faintly, "My apologies, I almost forgot to mention it."

"3 million."

Hearing this number, Zhang Yu had to admit he had gotten ahead of himself, because he actually felt a little disappointed.

Especially compared to the 5 million he had just received, this 3 million felt a bit stingy.

Zhang Yu hesitated and said, "Is this... perhaps... a little... low?"

"Low?"

Hearing this, a flash of defiance appeared in Wang Yin's eyes.

In his entire life, what he hated most was being called low by others.

"Then I'll raise it to 4 million. 4 million a month for each of you."

"The duration will be from next month until June of next year, ending after your college entrance exam, for a total of 68 million each."

_Holy crap, so the offer just now was 3 million per person per month?_

_And now it's 4 million per person per month?_

_For a total of 68 million?_

Zhang Yu admitted that he had been shallow just now.

He quickly stood up and said with gravity, "Mr. Wang, it is a great honor to participate in your company's event."

"The amount of money isn't really important. The main thing is that we particularly like Oasis Group's corporate culture."