---
title: "Endurance"
id: "245"
prev: "244"
next: "246"
---
# Chapter 245: Endurance

"Kid, let's talk."

Looking at the being before him, whose body resembled colored glass and who had a head of fiery long hair, Zhang Yu knew that this was the very True Person Starfire he had never met but had heard so much about from various people.

Following him to the rooftop of a large building, Zhang Yu asked doubtfully, "Senior, what matter do you have for me?"

True Person Starfire laughed heartily, a series of sparks spewing from his mouth, "Why be so formal as to call me senior? You and Yu Xinghan are classmates who train together, you can just call me Master."

Zhang Yu was slightly taken aback, "Master?"

"Mhm," True Person Starfire acknowledged, then smiled, "Have you decided which university and major to choose yet?"

He looked at Zhang Yu with a half-smile and asked, "It couldn't be Netherworld University, could it?"

Zhang Yu did not answer directly, but instead asked, "Does Senior think Netherworld University is unsuitable?"

"Universities select students based on their results, and in turn, when students apply, they naturally must also choose a university, to see if the university is suitable for them."

"Netherworld University belongs to the Netherworld Palace, a sect renowned for its Daoist arts of draining qi and blood, skinning people, and refining living souls. They regard the common people of the world as nothing more than weeds, resorting to any means to achieve their goals. As long as there is enough profit, there is nothing that cannot be bought or sold."

"If not for the obstruction of other sects, they would love nothing more than to refine layers 1 to 10 into breeding grounds to provide them with cultivation resources."

"I won't say whether this Immortal Dao is good or bad, but do you really think this path is suitable for you?"

Zhang Yu then asked, "Then which university does Senior think is suitable for me?"

"Myriad Laws University has been an orthodox lineage of the profound path since ancient times, with the goal of selecting the best of the best to cultivate generations of immortal seeds."

Fu Ji, listening to True Person Starfire's words, explained in Zhang Yu's mind, "The best of the best means competing to the death, all just to be able to produce an Immortal. Before becoming an Immortal, everyone is just an ox or a horse."

True Person Starfire said, "Students who enter Myriad Laws University, regardless of whether they can become Immortals, will at least be able to showcase their talents and have ample opportunities for practical experience."

Fu Ji smiled. "Ample opportunities for practical experience is just telling you that you have to start working part-time jobs and overtime during your university years."

True Person Starfire continued, "Myriad Laws University's support for its students is also very comprehensive, everything is handled according to the rules. As long as you work hard, you can earn money, improve your cultivation, and support yourself."

Fu Ji said, "Being able to support yourself means that the income during your university years is not very high."

True Person Starfire said, "Of course, the school's requirements for its teachers and students are also very high, aiming to cultivate every student into an elite who can contribute to the company, the sect, and Kunxu."

Fu Ji understood. "The school's requirements are high, which means that the daily performance assessments are very difficult, and it's not easy to graduate or get into graduate school."

"As for making contributions, that means you have to work for the company and the sect for a long time after graduation; they don't train you for free..."

Listening to True Person Starfire's promotion and Fu Ji's explanation, a glimmer of understanding gradually dawned in Zhang Yu's heart.

_Speaking of which, the various mechanisms for selecting and cultivating Immortal Dao talents on Kunxu's first layer, and what Fu Ji once said... about making the people below desperately climb upwards, desperately competing, were all created by the Ten Great Sects like the Myriad Laws Sect, right?_

_The difference between Myriad Laws University and Netherworld University... is perhaps the difference between needing workhorses and needing pigs and sheep?_

_So the ones who disapprove of the Netherworld Palace's methods are sects like the Myriad Laws Sect, right? Because what they want are capable workhorses, not delicious pigs and sheep._

_Yes, what else could it be?_ Zhang Yu sighed internally, _The conflict between the Ten Great Sects... if not for profit, could it really be for the sake of a battle between good and evil?_

Seeing Zhang Yu's contemplative expression, True Person Starfire continued, "If you are willing to enter Myriad Laws University, I can introduce you to my university connections, which should provide you with considerable assistance."

"As for myself, I can also act as your master for the remainder of your high school career and offer you some guidance."

"Alright, I have said my piece, you can take your time to consider your choice."

"The words I've spoken today, you should relay them to Bai Zhenzhen later. My schedule is rather tight, and I have to leave shortly."

"Next..." True Person Starfire said,"There is a righteous god who wishes to speak with you."

The next moment, Deng Bingding materialized and said, "Student Zhang, it has been a long time."

The purpose of Deng Bingding's visit to Zhang Yu this time was to deal with Wang Yin.

Deng Bingding thought to herself, _The other arrangements of Oasis Corporation on the first layer are not difficult to deal with._

_But Wang Yin... he is a troublesome hot potato._

Neither they, the righteous gods, nor True Person Starfire, who worked for money, were willing to make a move against an individual like Wang Yin.

After all, collecting a salary and overtime pay to clean up the various lackeys under Oasis Corporation... was no problem for them.

But to go and personally slap the face of that young master with a powerful background, to be marked by him, was an entirely different matter.

However, Wang Yin was like a banner that Oasis Corporation had erected on the first layer, representing the confidence of countless people and attracting innumerable talents and powerful families to join.

Deng Bingding understood that as long as Wang Yin did not fall, no matter how many times the limbs of Oasis Corporation were severed, they would grow back time and time again.

But that being said, she was unwilling to be the one to step forward and suppress this young master, only to be remembered by this little young master of Oasis Corporation.

Under these circumstances, Deng Bingding thought of Zhang Yu.

_Zhang Yu's background is unfathomably deep, he shouldn't be afraid of being resented by Wang Yin._

And... Deng Bingding thought of how, in recent months, Zhang Yu had come to Wang Yin's side, endorsed Oasis Corporation, and frequently entered and exited Wang Yin's mansion and parties.

Thinking further of Zhang Pianpian behind Zhang Yu, and the great god behind Zhang Pianpian, she understood that Zhang Yu was definitely not of the Netherworld Palace faction.

_Could this be the deliberate arrangement of some great god?_

_From the day Zhang Yu participated in the Foundation Establishment exam, he had already entered the game._

_Replacing Ye Lingxiao, getting close to Wang Yin, infiltrating Oasis Corporation, was it all so that Zhang Yu could be the one to deal with Wang Yin in the end?_

_If one looks at it this way, Wang Yin came down to manage Oasis Corporation to gild his reputation, then Zhang Yu is relying on dealing with Wang Yin to gild his own..._

Every time she thought of this, a chill ran through Deng Bingding's heart, _The waters of Kunxu are always so unfathomably deep._

_Whether it's us or Oasis Corporation, I'm afraid we have long been within the calculations of this mysterious great god, stepping step by step into the ending he has laid out._

And after hearing Deng Bingding's request, Zhang Yu was first slightly taken aback, then felt as if Deng Bingding must be joking.

_Me? A second-year high school student going to fight the big boss of Oasis Corporation?_

Zhang Yu thought to himself that this would truly be fatal, and not just for him, but likely for Bai Zhenzhen as well.

But Zhang Yu was also unwilling to offend this great god Deng Bingding, and only wanted to politely decline.

Deng Bingding said, "Wang Yin, in order to quickly descend to the first layer, and also to swap in a Divine Spiritual Root to re-establish his foundation, crippled his own cultivation and no longer has his peak Foundation Establishment strength. As for his magical treasures and talismans, there are ways to deal with them..."

In short, Deng Bingding's meaning was that they could create an opportunity for Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen to deal with Wang Yin.

But after Deng Bingding's lengthy explanation, she found that Zhang Yu still repeatedly refused.

At first, Deng Bingding thought Zhang Yu's refusal was just for show, but she soon discovered that no matter how she tried to persuade him, he was unwilling to accept.

Deng Bingding, however, did not get angry, but instead had a new thought in her mind.

_Zhang Yu communicated with Zhang Pianpian from the second layer before, he must have received instructions from above._

_His refusal to me now... does it mean that now is not yet the time to make a move?_

Deng Bingding pondered this for a moment, and the more she thought, the more she felt that this was what he meant. She immediately stopped insisting and allowed Zhang Yu to depart.

True Person Starfire, watching this scene from the side, frowned and said, "Making a high school student like him go and fight Wang Yin, what on earth are you righteous gods thinking? Even if you're afraid of getting burned and want to find a blade, isn't this going a bit too far?"

But Deng Bingding said mysteriously, "Hmph, little Starfire, this is why you will fall even if you manage to climb up."

"This Zhang Yu is not as simple as you think."

"To completely resolve the matter of the first layer, to drive Wang Yin back up, the final hand will likely have to be played by Zhang Yu."

---

When Zhang Yu returned to the apartment, he saw Bai Zhenzhen, who was cultivating, stand up and say with a happy expression, "Yu-boy, you're back? I ordered some delicious food, let's eat together."

Bai Zhenzhen still did not know the purpose of Zhang Yu's outing, and at this moment, looking at Bai Zhenzhen's happy face, Zhang Yu sighed internally, _It was so hard to finally get the peaceful life we have now, how can we go and risk it all?_

_I don't want to fight for my life anymore, and I don't want Zhen to be half-dead like before._

_Endure it, Zhang Yu._

_Silently endure, silently accumulate strength, until my strength is great enough, until the day I can finally make my move..._

And in the period that followed, the people around Mr. Wang discovered that Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen were no longer appearing at the parties as much.

Many people felt that Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen seemed to have been given the cold shoulder by Mr. Wang, and a sense of joy immediately rose in their hearts as they worked even harder to curry favor with Mr. Wang, thinking of replacing them.

At a party, Ye Mantian cursed, "A poor dog like Zhang Yu just can't be fed too much. As soon as you overfeed these guys who have climbed up from the bottom, they'll think they have enough backing, that their backbone has hardened, and they'll stop listening."

Someone echoed, "You just can't give poor people too much money. Smashing them with money works at first, but after smashing them with too much, they'll think they're rich too, and they won't be as obedient."

Mr. Wang looked on indifferently at the people around him who were completely submissive, who had started to insult Zhang Yu in unison because of his actions, as if he were looking at a pack of tail-wagging, fawning dogs, and he sneered inwardly.

He had seen too many of these tail-wagging, completely submissive dogs, and had raised too many as well.

The more he raised such dogs, the more dependent they became on him, the smaller their courage grew, and the more obedient they became. When they encountered a situation, they wouldn't even dare to snarl, not even daring to make a sound when their own interests were harmed.

Wang Yin once liked to raise such dogs, but he soon discovered that such dogs were useless for important tasks, which was a point of disagreement between him and his mother.