---
title: "Heading to the Second Layer of Kunxu"
prev: "269"
next: "271"
---
# Chapter 270: Heading to the Second Layer of Kunxu

Several days later.

Inside the hospital.

Zhang Yu shot up in his hospital bed, staring blankly at the spotless room around him.

Beside the bed, True Person Starfire's voice sounded. "I figured you'd wake up around today, but you're even a little earlier than I expected."

Zhang Yu whipped his head around to look at True Person Starfire and mumbled, "I..."

The next moment, he rubbed his head, a sharp pain lancing through his skull.

"Hiss..." Countless images flooded Zhang Yu's mind as he gradually recalled what had happened.

"The explosion... then the building suddenly collapsed."

"I tried to jump from the window to the adjacent skyscraper, but someone knocked me back inside..."

Then a sky full of construction materials came crashing down.

Zhang Yu remembered desperately resisting with his Formless Cloud-Astral Qi and Nine Heavens Cloud-Sky Force. After finally being buried, he had voluntarily entered a state of suspended animation with the Spring and Autumn Endless Zen, striving to maintain the Crippled Ox Body-Sacrifice Heart Art.

He thought of nothing, contemplated nothing, only sensing himself in a dark world of consciousness, maintaining the regeneration of his flesh and blood.

The next moment, Zhang Yu snapped back to reality. "Zhen? What happened to Zhen?"

True Person Starfire looked at Zhang Yu with a somewhat complicated expression and said, "Don't worry, she's fine."

Only then did Zhang Yu let out a sigh of relief. "Did the righteous gods arrive? Did they catch my attacker?"

He spoke with killing intent in his voice, "Exactly who attacked me? I'll make them pay for the rest of their lives!"

"Two Foundation Establishment cultivators on the verge of death. They jammed the network near the apartment building and used spoofed data to make the righteous gods temporarily think everything was normal."

"Were they caught?"

True Person Starfire said flatly, "They committed suicide before they could be captured, and all their assets were laundered beforehand. It's clear they were prepared for failure."

"As for who was behind them, the clues Deng Bingding has uncovered so far... point to Wang Yin of the Oasis Group."

Zhang Yu's eyes narrowed. "Him again."

True Person Starfire said flatly, "But he crossed a line this time. Especially since you had already come to an agreement with Myriad Laws University, making you a designated talent, attacking you before the college entrance exams was a particularly egregious act."

"Over a hundred related personnel have had their bodies and souls disposed of. The Oasis Group also paid a hefty fine. Wang Yin shouldn't dare to use such methods against you again."

Zhang Yu said coldly, "So he'll use other methods?"

"Normal academic and commercial competition, of course, no one will interfere with that."

_But... was it really just Wang Yin?_ True Person Starfire thought to himself. _To be willing to pay such a high price to deal with Zhang Yu and Bai Zhenzhen?_

_Did Wang Yin also sense their potential? Did he want to eliminate a future threat in advance?_

_Or was it Netherworld University, or even the Netherworld Palace... Did someone else, like me, sense something extraordinary about Zhang Yu? And so they wanted to nip this future genius of Myriad Laws University in the bud?_

True Person Starfire couldn't be sure and could only keep this speculation to himself for now.

In any case, there was only a month left until Zhang Yu would head to Myriad Laws University. Once he was inside the university, he wouldn't have to worry about pressure from Netherworld University.

As for the remaining month, he decided to spend more time with Zhang Yu, both to protect him and to use this final opportunity to guide him further.

Just then, Zhang Yu looked at his phone and said, "Why can't I get through to Zhen's phone?"

True Person Starfire was silent for a moment before finally saying, "In the process of fighting those two Foundation Establishment cultivators, Zhen awakened her Divine Spiritual Root."

"It was precisely the appearance of the Divine Spiritual Root that drew the righteous gods to the scene ahead of schedule."

Hearing this, Zhang Yu's expression changed drastically. _Damn it! Zhen usually suppresses her True Spiritual Root to keep it from evolving. Those two must have forced her to unleash it._

Zhang Yu looked anxiously at True Person Starfire and asked, "Then what happened to Zhen?"

Seeing the change in Zhang Yu's expression, True Person Starfire estimated that Zhang Yu had probably known about Bai Zhenzhen's spiritual root secret all along.

Every time he thought of this, True Person Starfire felt a bit emotional. _I never thought that of the two disciples I'm guiding, one would be more surprising than the other._

_I thought Zhang Yu's constitution, which seems to be a Martial Dao Holy Body, was already a rare talent I'd be lucky to encounter once in my lifetime._

_But I never expected Bai Zhenzhen to be even more terrifying, to be born with an evolutionary spiritual root that has now evolved into a Divine Spiritual Root... her innate talent is even greater than Zhang Yu's._

However, True Person Starfire knew now was not the time to discuss this. After hearing Zhang Yu's question, he answered, "She was taken away by the righteous gods."

"But don't worry. According to Deng Bingding... Bai Zhenzhen is currently fine. In fact, she has been taken under the protection of the Divine Lord Seven Emotions of Heavenly Sword University and will likely enroll there in the future to become his disciple."

True Person Starfire explained, "The Divine Lord Seven Emotions is a Spirit Transformation sword immortal who has long been searching for a successor to his Extreme Emotion Sword Dao. It's said he greatly admired Bai Zhenzhen during the Foundation Establishment exam."

Zhang Yu was slightly stunned to hear this. _I think Deng Bingding did say that during the initial Dao heart test, a certain big shot up top was quite satisfied with Zhen's performance in the illusionary landscape. That's why Zhen, who wasn't number one at the time, was given an interest-free loan._

_Could it have been this Divine Lord Seven Emotions? A Spirit Transformation sword immortal... can he see the contents of the Foundation Establishment exam?_

Zhang Yu also recalled that when the Ten Greats had made their offers, Heavenly Sword University had given Zhen the best recruitment terms.

True Person Starfire continued to comfort him, "Even if it's a Divine Spiritual Root, Zhen has already reached Foundation Establishment. Forcibly removing it now would destroy it. Being cultivated by a Spirit Transformation Divine Lord from Heavenly Sword University is actually a good thing."

Zhang Yu nodded slightly. Though he was still a little worried, he knew there was nothing he could do about it at the moment.

"She's still on the first layer, right? Can I go see her?"

True Person Starfire shook his head. "She'll go to the second layer after the college entrance exam. But her current security level is extremely high; no one can see her."

"But don't worry. As long as you both make it to the second layer and get into university, you'll have opportunities to meet."

Seeing the slight look of relief on Zhang Yu's face, True Person Starfire sighed internally. _Although it's said... that removing a Divine Spiritual Root after Foundation Establishment would destroy it, it's not as if there aren't methods to refine the person, root and all, into a bionic._

But whether this Divine Lord Seven Emotions would do such a thing, True Person Starfire wasn't sure, so he didn't want to say it and cause Zhang Yu unnecessary worry.

Besides that, another problem came to his mind.

_Sigh, to think I misjudged as well. Bai Zhenzhen's aptitude is far superior to Zhang Yu's._

_Now, with a Divine Spiritual Root and as the disciple of a Spirit Transformation Divine Lord, if the Divine Lord Seven Emotions truly intends to cultivate her... I'm afraid that after they enter university, the gap in cultivation between Bai Zhenzhen and Zhang Yu will rapidly widen. The distance between them in terms of ranking, wealth, and status will also grow ever larger._

Looking at Zhang Yu, True Person Starfire thought, _Even for the closest friends from high school, I'm afraid their feelings will eventually change._

True Person Starfire had seen similar things happen too many times, but he knew that saying anything to Zhang Yu right now would be useless. Ultimately, only the parties involved could slowly experience and digest these things on their own.

Just then, Zhang Yu climbed out of his hospital bed. While twisting his body and performing the movements of the Spring and Autumn Endless Zen, he said, "Master, I feel like my body is almost recovered. Can we start training right away?"

At this moment, Zhang Yu's eyes were full of fighting spirit, seemingly burning with an endless desire for power, for cultivation.

True Person Starfire nodded. "You are indeed almost recovered. Let's go, then. Don't exercise here and disturb the other patients."

For the next month, apart from his breathing exercises in the spirit vein, True Person Starfire guided Zhang Yu through arduous ascetic training almost day and night.

Sensing the immense hunger for the Immortal Dao and for cultivation within Zhang Yu's heart, True Person Starfire guided him with even more vigor.

And Yu Xinghan would occasionally join in, receiving True Person Starfire's hellish training alongside him.

---

Meanwhile.

In a certain spirit vein on the first layer.

Bai Zhenzhen, who was performing a breathing exercise, suddenly opened her eyes and looked at Deng Bingding before her.

"Wandering God Deng, could I trouble you to take a message to Zhang Yu?"

Deng Bingding smiled slightly. "No problem. What message would you like to send?"

Looking at Bai Zhenzhen, Deng Bingding sighed with admiration internally. _An evolutionary spiritual root, and it's already a Divine Spiritual Root. Doesn't that mean it could evolve into an Immortal Spiritual Root in the future? Wouldn't that make her a true seed of the sect?_

_From this perspective, Zhang Yu was probably just a smokescreen._

_This Bai Zhenzhen is the talent that the higher-ups truly intended to cultivate, isn't she?_

Thinking of this, Deng Bingding was even more impressed by the foresight of her superiors. _This was hidden so deeply. If not for Netherworld University stumbling upon it this time... Hmm? Could it be... that Netherworld University was also using the Wang Yin incident as a pretext, and their real target wasn't Zhang Yu, but to eliminate this Bai Zhenzhen early on?_

Deng Bingding couldn't be sure, but she felt that the Bai Zhenzhen before her was becoming increasingly important and mysterious.

_Compared to her, Zhang Yu seems like an ordinary student._

_But their relationship seems very good at the moment. I should try to get on good terms with both of them._

---

In the training yard.

Zhang Yu lay twisted on the ground, enduring the pain as he snapped his broken limbs back into place one by one.

Just then, a message came through on his phone. It was from Deng Bingding.

_Zhen asked her to pass a message to me?_

Bai Zhenzhen: "Yu-boy, I'm fine. Do well on your exams. I'll find a way to see you when you get up here."

Reading the message on his phone, Zhang Yu's heart settled.

True Person Starfire's voice came through. "Have you rested enough? How much longer are you going to lie there?"

Zhang Yu gritted his teeth and stood up. "Let's continue."

---

A month passed in a flash.

With the end of the college entrance exams, Zhang Yu and the others also completed their three years of high school.

On this day, on the airship heading toward the ascension platform.

Zhang Yu looked down at the shrinking Songyang City below his feet, and the memories of the past three years seemed to flash through his mind.

Just then, Yu Xinghan's hand clapped onto his shoulder. "Bro, what do you say we try to get into Heavenly Sword University when we get up there? With Sister Zhen looking out for us, wouldn't things be easier?"

Zhang Yu had considered this question. He now shook his head and said, "Let's forget it. What Heavenly Sword University teaches isn't what you and I are good at. We'd just be holding Zhen back if we went."

Zhang Yu knew that all his current savings were preparations for the path at Myriad Laws University.

Going to Heavenly Sword would definitely slow down the efficiency of his strength improvement.

He thought to himself, _In this world, strength is ultimately the most important thing. What's the use of seeing Zhen without enough strength?_

_Without enough strength, I can't even protect myself._

Le Mulan walked over and asked, "Zhang Yu, you're choosing Myriad Laws University too, right? Which department are you planning to enter?"

Zhang Yu replied casually, "The Civil Engineering Department."

Le Mulan was slightly startled. "The C-Civil Engineering Department?"

Just then, a scream rang out. Zhang Yu whipped his head around to see Xiong Wenwu pinned to the floor, with several people kneeling on the black bear's back.

"Kid, what are you hiding in your ass! Are you smuggling contraband?"

"Stop squeezing!" Xiong Wenwu's face was flushed red. "You're squeezing the hemorrhoids that flared up a couple of days ago."

At the same time, a groan sounded in Zhang Yu's mind.

"How long was I asleep?"